chore(readme): mention -c opt in bazel readme (#38)
Kong/atc-router: build/README.md

        "@atc_router",
    ],
)
```

> When building this library in Bazel, ensure `-c opt` is turned on; even `fastbuild` mode result in a binary
> that is significantly not performant than `opt` mode.

Reviewer: Suggested by ChatGPT:

```suggestion
When building this library in Bazel, use the `-c opt` flag to ensure optimal performance. The default fastbuild mode produces a less performant binary.
```
